I really appreciate you guys taking this course and deciding to learn from me.
It means a lot to me.
Now remember if you have any questions at all about this course about game design anything that has
to do with digital artwork you can go ahead and ask it here in the Q and A section of the course so
you just click on the Q&A and it'll bring you to this page.
And on this page you can search a question or you can ask a new question.
So please please if you have any questions or you're confused about anything please ask them.
I would love to answer them.
My goal here is to help you succeed.
I want you to become the graphic designer that you want to be.
Also I ask that you add a little comment in here.
So if you go to ask a new question I want everybody to ask a new question but you're not going to be
asking a question you're just going to be sent telling a little bit about yourself so you'll put a title
in and then you'll come down here and I just want you to give like two maybe even three sentences about
who you are what you're doing.
And other students will get involved with you.
I really want this to become a community where we can help each other become the artists that we want
to be to become the people we want to be and to do the things we want to do.
Thanks for listening to this lecture.